=What is Webfmt=
Web File Management Tool (Webfmt) is a powerful and easy to use Ajax file manager for web browsers. It's simple interface,makes it intuitive and quick to learn for all kinds of users, from advanced professionals to Internet beginners.<br>
It is available to picture management, file flash, file download, etc,to avoid redundant files,and can help to use the sample file in any pages, and reduce the disk space usage in web server.<br>
It's very secure , customized interfaces are provided for caller.For example: rename uploaded file automatically, no matter user has logged or not ,and so on.<br>
<a href="http://www.webfmt.com/download.html" target="_blank">Download</a>
Contact us:<br>
            Email:webfmt@gmail.com<br>
=Features=
# Folder tree navigation: intuitive for all users. <br>
# Quality image thumbnails, makes it quickly to find file.<br> 
# Multi-language support.<br>
# Sensitive context menus for files and folders.<br> 
# Full user control:to create, rename, copy, move and delete folders and files.<br>
# Full developer control: customized interfaces are provided for developer.<br>
# Lightweight interface.<br>
# No page refreshes: quick responses.<br>
# Secure: all uploaded files are checked by configure, uploaded files can be  renamed automatically, upload file size and type can be restricted by configure.<br> 
# Full source code included for the server side.<br>
# Multiple files upload at once in firefox4.0+, Chrome12.0+<br>
# Drag-and-drop file upload in firefox4.0+, Chrome12.0+<br>
# Uploads are cancellable<br> 
# No external dependencies<br> 
# Doesn't use Flash<br>
# Fully working with https<br>
# Support single or multiple files selected by param.<br>
# Support to show "ok,cancel" button by param<br>
# Tested in IE7.0+,Firefox 3.5+, Safari3.5+, Chrome12.0+,Opera10.0+<br>

=Interface=
 The webfmt interface is clear and easy for end users, it is easy to learn and use. Most features can be handled with a mouse click and context menus.  
The screenshot of webfmt is as follows:<br>


1.Folders Pane: contains the "tree view" of the folders where you can navigate. Folders are ways to organize files better. 
2.Files Pane: lists the files available in the selected folder. 
3.File Menu : a series of menus that can be clicked to execute specific functions for files quickly.
4.Folder Menu: a series of menus that can be clicked to execute specific functions for folders quickly.
5.Context Menu: a series of buttons that can be used to execute specific tasks in the object that has been clicked. The available options change dynamically, denpending on the kind of object clicked. 
Security Tips 
•	Many important security settings are contained in file config.php. Make sure all of them are reviewed and understood. 
•	All file operations are limited in the base dir.User does’t switch other .
•	Customized renaming function is provided for developer except default.
•	Can limited uploaded file types by configure.
•	Can limited uploaded file size by configure.
•	All uploaded files are checked, files not qualified for the configurations will be refused or rejected. Files can be renamed automatically.
•	Can filer before and after creating,deleting,renaming files or folders by hook api.